Create 2025-02-20.md (#234)
department-of-veterans-affairs/developer-portal-content: content/verification/veteran-confirmation/release-notes/2025-02-20.md

> The deactivation date of Veteran Confirmation Version 0 is changed to June 30, 2025. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've changed the deactivation date of the Veteran Confirmation API version 0 to **June 30, 2025**. 

Migrate over to version 1 of the API. After June 30th, version 0 will no longer function or be on VA Developer. 

[Read the v1 documentation](https://developer.va.gov/explore/api/veteran-confirmation/docs?version=current).
```

We've changed the deactivation date of the Veteran Confirmation API version 0 to **June 30, 2025**. 

Migrate over to version 1 of the API. After June 30th, version 0 will no longer function or be on VA Developer. 

[Read the v1 documentation](https://developer.va.gov/explore/api/veteran-confirmation/docs?version=current).

> After June 30, 2025, Version 1 must be used because Version 0 will no longer function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
